PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
PROFESSOR OAK: Come on, Pikachu!
I can't see if you don't move!
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH: Come here, buddy.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Hey, Mom! Professor!
DELIA: Hi, Ash!
PROFESSOR OAK:
Have you been well?
ASH: You bet! I feel great!
DELIA: Hi, Serena. Hi, Bonnie.
Clemont, too! How have you been?
SERENA: Great!
CLEMONT: We're doing
quite well, thank you.
BONNIE: I've been
having so much fun!
ASH: Mom, there's so many things
I have to tell you about.
I'll be flying back later
this afternoon.
PROFESSOR OAK: Good!
We can hardly wait!
DELIA: Just promise me
you'll be careful.
DELIA: And the rest of you.
Come visit Pallet Town soon!
DELIA: I'll make
you a tasty meal!
BONNIE: Yippee YAY!
CLEMONT: Thank you!
ASH: Okay, let's get packed.
Can't forget anything!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
Let's eat!
PIKACHU/CHESPIN/DEDENNE:
[EXCITED]
CHESPIN/DEDENNE: [ENTHUSIASTIC]
PIKACHU: [EXCLAIMING]
ASH: Wow, delicious!
SERENA: There's
still plenty left!
SERENA: Is there
something wrong?
CLEMONT: You're not
feeling sick are you?
BONNIE: I might have eaten
too many snacks before...
CLEMONT: I warned you that
you shouldn't snack
right before a meal.
BONNIE: Uh...Yeah.
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
CHESPIN: [QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU/CHESPIN/DEDENNE:
[QUESTIONING]
ASH: Alain!
CLEMONT: Professor Sycamore!
SERENA: Mairin!
MAIRIN: Hey, there!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Hello, everyone.
ASH: So what are you doing here?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
Thought I'd say hi.
Before we go our separate ways.
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
JESSIE: Team Flare was
controlling the Legendary
Pokémon Zygarde, who unleashed
a massive attack on Kalos!
JAMES: But the only thing that
can defeat evil, is evil!
MEOWTH: So Team Rocket wiped
out Team Flare, and took out
Zygarde while we were at it!
JESSIE: And that's
the way it is!
JAMES: Our anti‐Team
Flare victory report...
MEOWTH: ...is now history!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: So what
do you think, sir?
JAMES: Were we a success?
MEOWTH: Now Team Rocket can take
over the whole world, RIGHT?
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GIOVANNI: Interesting.
GIOVANNI: The situation
is quite clear.
GIOVANNI: The fact is
you were behind the complete
annihilation of Team Flare.
GIOVANNI: Well done,
Jessie, James, and Meowth.
Return to base.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: Roger!
JAMES: We'll head to
Kanto straight away!
GIOVANNI: I'll be here.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: YAY!
WOBBUFFET: [EXCITED]
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [EXCITED]
JESSIE: Our video really
rang the Boss's chimes!
JAMES: It was worth
every recording moment!
MEOWTH: These paws of
mine are editing GOLD!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Headquarters ho!
It's off to the Boss we go!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
This is no time to be SLOW!
ASH: Alain, too?
ALAIN: That's right.
There's nothing as taxing
as a journey...but I'll
be helping the professor.
With Mairin.
MAIRIN: First off, we're
heading for Frost Cavern!
CHESPIE: [EXCITED]
ALAIN: This is the path
I've decided to take.
ASH: Right.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
We've learned this.
When the sundial is bathed in
the light of the setting sun,
it gives off energy.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: And
when we traced that energy,
we discovered a material
similar to Mega Stones.
CLEMONT: Wow, does that mean the
material is in the Frost Cavern?
MAIRIN: Yeah, and we found the
same thing in other places, too!
ALAIN: So that's why we're on
our way there. Research.
ASH: Hey, Alain, what
happened to your Mega Ring?
ALAIN: Oh. I borrowed that
Mega Ring from Lysandre.
I gave it over to the
authorities to use as evidence.
ASH: But...what about
Mega Evolving?
ALAIN: It'll be fine.
I'll just start from square one.
I'll find my own Mega Stone and
Key Stone. From the ground up.
Just like you, Ash.
ASH: Yeah, let's do our best.
ALAIN: When the time comes,
we should have another battle.
Will you? What do you say?
ASH: Yeah!
ALAIN: I'll see you around!
CHESPIN: [FAREWELL]
CHESPIE: [FAREWELL]
CHESPIN: [HAPPY] / [HEARTBROKEN]
CHESPIE:
[STARTLED] / [SYMPATHETIC]
MAIRIN: Serena?
Thanks for everything.
MAIRIN: Remember the time when
you let me know you would come
along with me? That was so nice!
SERENA: I wasn't being nice.
A deal is a deal!
MAIRIN: 'Kay. I' we'll
always be friends.
SERENA: Me, too.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
So, Alain, Mairin...
ALAIN: We'll see you later!
MAIRIN: Bye‐bye, you guys!
CHESPIE: [FAREWELL]
SYCAMORE: You all
have a marvelous time!
ASH: And you, too!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
CLEMONT: Take care, everyone!
SERENA: See you!
BONNIE: Be careful!
CHESPIN/DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
ASH: Well, they're gone.
'Kay, we should get ready
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: You're right.
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
ANNOUNCMENT: Final boarding
call. Dragonite Airlines
flight K ninety‐one to Kanto is
now boarding at gate twelve.
CLEMONT: Hey, it looks like your
flight is the next one.
ANNOUNCMENT: Latias Airlines
flight H seventy‐one to the
Hoenn region will soon begin
boarding.
SERENA: Yeah! That's it!
ASH: Kay. Let's go see
Serena off first.
CLEMONT: Let's get your
boarding pass.
DEDENNE: [CONCERNED]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
MEOWTH: Step on it, people!
JAMES: Gate number
twelve! Number twelve!
JESSIE: You spent too much
time buying presents!
JAMES/MEOWTH: Speak for
yourself, moneybags!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Gifts for the Boss
are investments in US!
WOBBUFFET: [PANICKED]
SERENA: Everyone? It's
time to say goodbye.
ASH: We won't be seeing
you for a while.
CHESPIN: [HEARTBROKEN]
PANCHAM: [SYMPATHETIC]
PANCHAM: [UPBEAT]
CHESPIN: [TOUCHED]
CHESPIN: [HAPPY]
SYLVEON: [AFFECTIONATE]
BUNNELBY: [TOUCHED]
SYLVEON: [FAREWELL]
BUNNELBY: [FAREWELL]
HAWLUCHA: [SAD]
NOIVERN: [TOUCHED]
BRAIXEN: [COMFORTING]
PIKACHU: [HEARTBROKEN]
HAWLUCHA: [COURAGEOUS]
TALONFLAME: [PLEASED]
PANCHAM: [FRIENDLY]
LUXRAY: [AGREEMENT]
SYLVEON: [KINDLY]
CHESPIN: [TOUCHED]
PIKACHU: [AFFECTIONATE]
BUNNELBY: [SAD]
PANCHAM: [FAREWELL]
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
HAWLUCHA: [FAREWELL]
BRAIXEN: [FAREWELL]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
SYLVEON: [FAREWELL]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING] BONNIE:
Dedenne, you've gotta say
bye‐bye.
DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
ASH: Just for a little while.
CLEMONT: We'll see
each other again.
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
DEDENNE: [RESISTING]
BONNIE: Oh, Dedenne...
DEDENNE: [ANGRY]
BRAIXEN/SYLVEON: [SHOCKED]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
DEDENNE: [EXERTION]
CUSTOMER: Whoa!
BONNIE: Dedenne!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Pikachu!"
DEDENNE: [EXERTION] / [HIDING]
BONNIE: Dedenne?
CLEMONT: Dedenne?
ASH: Hey, where are you?
ASH: Pikachu. Why don't
you help us out!
PIKACHU: [SEARCHING]
PIKACHU: [ALERTING]
ASH: All right!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION] /
[UNCERTAIN]
BONNIE: Dedenne?
PANCHAM: [CALLING]
BRAIXEN: [CALLING]
DEDENNE: [SAD]
ANNOUNCEMENT: Latias Airlines
Flight H seventy‐one
to the Hoenn region has
now begun boarding.
NOIVERN/LUXRAY ASH:
[CALLING]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
ASH: Find Dedenne, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU: [PLEADING]
BONNIE: Dedenne!
BONNIE: Dedenne, come out.
I'm begging you.
DEDENNE: [ANGRY]
BONNIE: Dedenne, you've just
got to come out here! Please?
DEDENNE: [REFUSING]
ASH: Dedenne...
BONNIE: I know why.
Dedenne doesn't want to say
goodbye to everyone.
PIKACHU: [SYMPATHETIC]
BONNIE: What do I do?
I need you, Dedenne! I
understand what you're feeling.
BONNIE: I know you want to
stay together forever...
because we've all had
so much fun together!
BONNIE: Well, so do I.
I love everyone, too!
But we all have dreams of our
own. Serena, Ash...and everyone
wants to try to make
their dreams come true!
BONNIE: Sure I'm really sad.
But I've gotta be strong.
When I get old enough,
I'll be a Pokémon Trainer!
DEDENNE: [CRYING]
BONNIE: And I'll want
you to be my partner!
BONNIE: I'll become a performer
who's just as good as Serena.
I'll earn a Gym badge from my
brother. We'll beat Ash and
Pikachu, and then we'll
become number one in Kalos!
DEDENNE: [LISTENING]
BONNIE: And so...let's dream,
too! We can say our
goodbyes...and still laugh
together. What do you say?
DEDENNE: [EMOTIONAL]
DEDENNE: [APOLOGETIC]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: It's okay.
ASH: Dedenne, you
can help Bonnie make
her dreams come true.
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: You'll see.
We'll battle!
SERENA: I know I'm going
to have to do my best.
Or you'll beat me!
BRAIXEN: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: None of us
wanna lose to you.
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: You hear that?
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
ANNOUNCEMENT: Latias Airlines
flight H seventy‐one will finish
boarding soon. Ticket holders
who have not yet boarded, please
proceed to the gate immediately.
SERENA: 'Kay, it e to go.
SERENA: Ash? Clemont? Bonnie?
You've all given me so very
much. More than I can say.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Give us a call
once in a while.
BONNIE: You can be sure
that we're all gonna come
and visit you!
SERENA: Ash?
SERENA: Thank you.
I'm glad I came with you.
You're the kind of
person I want to be.
SERENA: Next time we
meet, you're gonna like the
kind of person I've grown into!
ASH: Awesome!
SERENA: See you!
SERENA: Hey, Ash? There's
just one more thing!
SERENA: Thank you!
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
ASH: Take care
of yourself, Serena!
BONNIE: Bye‐bye!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
CLEMONT: Well, there she goes...
ASH: Serena's gotten really
strong, so she'll be fine.
And she'll get a
lot stronger in Hoenn.
CLEMONT: She sure will. And I'll
work hard to be an inventor.
An inventor who makes
Pokémon happy!
ASH: Yeah!
CLEMONT: You still have some
time before your flight.
ASH: Yeah. What should we do?
CLEMONT: There's something
I'd like to ask of you.
A small favor. It's something
that I really want to do.
CLEMONT: If you don't mind,
I want to have one final
battle between you and me!
ASH: Yeah. You've got it,
Clemont! Now, Pikachu, let's go!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: All right,
Bunnelby, you, too!
BUNNELBY: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE: 'Kay the tle begin!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
ASH: Pikachu,
Thunderbolt, let's go!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Dodge and use Mud Shot!
BUNNELBY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BUNNELBY: [MUD SHOT MOVE]
ASH: Use Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ASH: Quick Attack, now!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
CLEMONT: Use Wild Charge!
BUNNELBY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [IMPACT]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION] /
[CONFIDENT]
BUNNELBY: [EXERTION] /
[DETERMINED]
CLEMONT: Now Double Slap!
ASH: Iron Tail, go!
SERENA: I'm Serena!
FENNEKIN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Will you help me
make my dream come true?
CLEMONT: Finish!
ASH: Serena's gotten really
strong, so she'll be fine.
SERENA: Wow, I'd really like
to become great friends
with that Eevee.
SERENA: I did everything
I possibly could!
SERENA: Finished! Yeah!
CLEMONT: The future is now,
thanks to science!
CLEMONT: Clemontic Gear, on!
ASH: So amazing!
CLEMONT: You came
back after all. Luxio!
CLEMONT: I want this
battle to go on and on...
Show me the real Ash‐‐ All
the way to the final move!
CLEMONT: Oh, Clembot...
I'm so happy I know you!
BONNIE: A Pikachu!
And what a cutie!
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
BONNIE: It's so cute!
It's like a flower!
BONNIE: Take good care!
BONNIE: You're all clean now!
BONNIE: I'm gonna
take care of it!
BONNIE: My brother!
BONNIE: You heard me.
You heard my voice!
BONNIE: We'll be together again!
That's a promise!
ASH: Ash from Pallet
Town is finally here!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Alright, Pikachu let's go!
ASH: Yess! This's it,
the Lumiose Gym!
ASH: All right, Fletchling,
Steel Wing, let's go!
ASH: I want the battle to be
against you instead of Clembot.
ASH: That sounds good to me!
CLEMONT: Great!
That's what we'll do!
SERENA: Maybe this is a haunted
mansion that grabs people
and then eats them...
SERENA: Did I say that?!
SERENA: Okay my turn! Who?
JAMES: (AS ASH)
Right, Pikachu?
JESSIE: (AS SERENA)
Ta‐da, ta‐da, ta‐da!
HAWLUCHA: [RESPECTFUL]
ASH: That's nice of you, Serena!
GOOMY: [UNCOMFORTABLE]
[QUESTIONING]
ASH: That feel good?
GOOMY: [EXCITED]
ASH: Take this. I wanted you to
have something from me.
SERENA: Thank you, Ash!
CLEMONT: Let's continue
on our journey together.
ASH: Deal! Great
to have you back.
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Bonnie!
Serena! Clemont! Here we go...
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Is everyone ready to
make their wish now?
ASH: Hi. My name's Ash.
ALAIN: I'm Alain.
SERENA: Oh no! You're
not acting like the Ash I know!
ASH: Get ready for this,
Sawyer...
ASH: This is everything Greninja
and I have got! Water Shuriken!
ALAIN: Charizard!
Use Dragon Claw!
ASH: Ready for more?
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: We're finally
in Pallet Town.
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: I'm home!